this is a very quick look at the the new
kiss vinyl bootleg recorded in May 23rd
1976 on the band's first European tour
we're caught in Holland in Amsterdam
it's a double vinyl set comes in
numerous colours
that's the gatefold there with some
fantastic pictures I believe actually
taken from the concert in the background
you can hear in the first track Deus
give you an idea of the quality this is
the back cover and it gives you some
ideas about the dates for the first
shows again I wanted to focus then the
track listing up there as I say it comes
in very numerous colors this was a red
vinyl excuse me there drop the phone
this is a red vinyl copy this is one of
the inner sleeves
very nicely done boot like this one
there's ace on the other side then on
record - gene one side and of course
Peter Criss on the other comes with a
bootleg and behind it you can see the
huge poster which I believe was taken
backstage at the concert as well this
boat the booklet is in Dutch with a
count some reviews of the show and I
believe all these photographs were taken
on the backstage or in Amsterdam
actually during the gig it's 12 page
book clip very very nice package and
like the Palladium 1980 show some of the
more recent kiss bootlegs this one is a
real labor of love so there you go
if you like what you hear and see try
and pick this one up on your travels
this is kiss em so now May 23rd 1976
Oh
you